At that moment, I thought I was doomed.
I didn't expect you to just walk on the front foot
President Wan sent someone to rescue me
Damn damn thing
I should have known that my knife would kill you
I've long suspected that you have a problem
But I never expected
You are actually from Jianghe Chamber of Commerce
You hurt my family
It also made me a ghost
I can't wait to picture your whole family
Don't mess around
At that time, it was your Jianghe Chamber of Commerce who wanted to fight with us
But you are not as skilled as others and refuse to stop
Do this now
Also expected
You fart, don't think there are too many of you, I'm afraid
Someone come to me
Kill them
A bunch of trash, come on
OK